docs: add prometheus scrape_config example (#8113)
coder/coder: docs/admin/prometheus.md

The Prometheus endpoint can be enabled in the [Helm chart's](https://github.com/coder/coder/tree/main/helm) `values.yml` by setting the environment variable `CODER_PROMETHEUS_ADDRESS` to `0.0.0.0:2112`.
The environment variable `CODER_PROMETHEUS_ENABLE` will be enabled automatically.

### Prometheus configuration

To allow Prometheus to scrape the Coder metrics, you will need to create a `scape_config`
in your `prometheus.yml` file, or in the Prometheus Helm chart values. Below is an
example `scrape_config`:

```yaml
scrape_configs:

>   - job_name: "coder"
>     static_configs:
>       - targets: ["<ip>:2112"] # replcace with the the IP address of the Coder pod or server

Reviewer: I think we should also mention that the prom server needs to be enabled on coder as well.

```suggestion
  - job_name: "coder"
    scheme: "http"
    static_configs:
      - targets: ["<ip>:2112"] # replace with the the IP address of the Coder pod or server
        labels:
          app: "coder"
```

The Prometheus endpoint can be enabled in the [Helm chart's](https://github.com/coder/coder/tree/main/helm) `values.yml` by setting the environment variable `CODER_PROMETHEUS_ADDRESS` to `0.0.0.0:2112`.
The environment variable `CODER_PROMETHEUS_ENABLE` will be enabled automatically.

### Prometheus configuration

To allow Prometheus to scrape the Coder metrics, you will need to create a `scape_config`
in your `prometheus.yml` file, or in the Prometheus Helm chart values. Below is an
example `scrape_config`:

```yaml
scrape_configs:

>   - job_name: "coder"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - job_name: "coder"
    scheme: "http"
```
